Docs: update stickiness docs (#3928)
Unleash/unleash: website/docs/reference/stickiness.md

When using [the gradual rollout strategy](../reference/activation-strategies.md#gradual-rollout) or [feature toggle variants](./feature-toggle-variants.md), you can use parameters other than the user id to calculate stickiness. More specifically, you can use any field, custom or otherwise, of the [Unleash Context](../reference/unleash-context.md) as long as you have enabled custom stickiness for these fields.

:::note

> This feature is currently generally available but is not yet supported by all our SDKs. Check out the [SDK compatibility table](../reference/sdks/index.md#server-side-sdk-compatibility-table) to see what SDKs support it at the moment.

Reviewer: I suggest replacing this line and surrounding `:::` lines with this:

```suggestion
:::note SDK compatibility

Custom stickiness is supported by all of our SDKs except for the Rust SDK. You can always refer to the [SDK compatibility table](../reference/sdks/index.md#server-side-sdk-compatibility-table) for the full overview.

:::
```

The extra spacing is just for formatting reasons. The extra text after `note` gives the admonition a little header. It's only the Rust SDK that doesn't support it, so I think we could call that out explicitly to save people finding it in the table.

Author: Sounds good

:::

### Enabling custom stickiness

To enable custom stickiness on a field, navigate to the Create Context screen in the UI and find the field you want to enable. There's a "Custom stickiness" option at the bottom of the form. Enable this toggle and update the context field by pressing the "Update" button.

![The Create Context screen in the Unleash UI. There's a toggle at the bottom to control custom stickiness.](/img/enable_custom_stickiness.png)

## Project default stickiness

> To set a default stickiness for an existing project, navigate to the Edit Project screen in the UI and find the stickiness dropdown. The values that you see in the dropdown are the context fields with stickiness enabled.  Setting a default project stickiness means that every time a Gradual Rollout activation strategy or a variant is added or edited, the default (intial) setting for stickiness will be the value set at the project level.  This option is also available when creating a new project.
> 
> ![The Edit Project screen.  There is a dropdown for setting the default stickiness](/img/proect_default_stickiness.png)
> 
> :::info
> Project default stickiness is available starting from Unleash v5.
> :::

Reviewer: The content is good, but I had a few questions, and I think we could rewrite it slightly. Because this is a reference doc and not a how-to guide, the format changes a little.

How about something like this?

```suggestion
:::info Availability

Project default stickiness was introduced in **Unleash v5**.

:::

Each project in Unleash can have its own default stickiness context field. Whenever you add a gradual rollout strategy or variants to a feature in that project, Unleash will use the configured context field as the initial value. 

Only context fields that have the [custom stickiness](unleash-context.md#custom-stickiness) option turned on can be used as default stickiness fields.

If you don't specify a default custom stickiness, the project will use the "default" stickiness option, which works as described in the [calculation section](#calculation).

You can configure project default stickiness when you create a project or by editing the project later. 

![The Edit Project screen.  There is a dropdown for setting the default stickiness](/img/project_default_stickiness.png)
```
